Naruto is over here...
That thing is not human...
Sai, what are you doing?
Got it. Continue to observe.
Sakura!
That's...Naruto...
Naruto!
That's...
I can't pierce through... even with my snake sword...
This is what Master Jiraiya was referring to when he said...
he's "like a small Nine-Tailed Beast."
Sakura's Tears
This is not like a Ninja battle,
but more like a battle between monsters...
Naruto...
It's useless to go on fighting with the snake sword...
What's the situation like? Is Naruto dead?
Look at that...
I wonder if he still wants to save Sasuke...
even in that state.
I am going to take back Sasuke, no matter what!
It's my lifelong promise!
Sakura! I...will keep my promise, no matter what!
To stand firm with what I say... That's my Way of the Ninja...
By now, even his self-consciousness is gone...
What a sad kid...
Wait! Sakura!
Don't get close to Naruto in that state!
Naruto!
That's...that's enough! I will save Sasuke, no matter what!
That's why...
Naruto, it's enough...!
Not good!
What is he trying to do?
Now is my chance...
Looks like it's about time...
As expected, this body is rejecting me.
Too bad, but the fun ends here.
Patience... Patience now... I have Sasuke with me...
Oh, uh...
Damn! I didn't make it in time...
I won't let you step in.
You're rushing to conclusions.
I don't plan to fight you guys anymore.
Actually...it's the opposite.
What do you mean?
We both have the same goal.
The Akatsuki are in the way.
If I let you live...
I think you might just get rid of one more Akatsuki.
Naruto...
The wounds are healing much slower than I expected...
but I can't stay playing "volunteer" for long.
Lord Orochimaru is also reaching his limit.
In exchange for helping you...
please get rid of as many of the Akatsuki as you can...
That said, that is your teammate...
Take care of the rest.
It's time to leave, huh?
Now's the only chance...!
I am Danzo's man. I am not your enemy...
I have something to speak to you about.
Hokage Style: Elder Jutsu
STABILIZE
10th Edict on Enlightenment!
Naruto...
Danzo...that doddering old fool is still alive, huh?
So...
What do you want to talk about?
I have a message from Danzo to Lord Orochimaru.
The truth is... Before that...
Choose your words carefully when you talk to me.
If not, you'll die.
I can only relay what Danzo has told me.
If that does not satisfy you, then I'll leave it up to you...
Captain, can you teach me the Jutsu you used earlier?
That is impossible.
Why?
I am the only person in the Leaf Village who can use that Jutsu...
because I inherited the First Hokage's cells.
It's always like this... I can only do little things for Naruto.
The size of the things you do, big or small, are not important.
What is important is how you feel about Naruto.
I can tell by just watching. The truth is, you are...
Next episode: "The Secret of the Battle!"